Fixed all typos (#39)
XavierXiao/Dreambooth-Stable-Diffusion: README.md

# Dreambooth on Stable Diffusion

> This is an implementaion of Google's [Dreambooth](https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.12242) with [Stable Diffusion](https://github.com/CompVis/stable-diffusion). The original Dreambooth is based on [Imagen](https://imagen.research.google/) text-to-image model. However, neither the model nor the pre-trained weights of Imagen is available. To enable people to fine-tune a text-to-image model with a few examples, I implemented the idea of Dreambooth on Stable diffusion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an implementation of Google's [Dreambooth](https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.12242) with [Stable Diffusion](https://github.com/CompVis/stable-diffusion). The original Dreambooth is based on [Imagen](https://imagen.research.google/) text-to-image model. However, neither the model nor the pre-trained weights of Imagen are available. To enable people to fine-tune a text-to-image model with a few examples, I implemented the idea of Dreambooth on Stable diffusion.
```
typo and grammar

Detailed configuration can be found in ```configs/stable-diffusion/v1-finetune_unfrozen.yaml```. In particular, the default learning rate is ```1.0e-6``` as I found the ```1.0e-5``` in the Dreambooth paper leads to poor editability. The parameter ```reg_weight``` corresponds to the weight of regularization in the Dreambooth paper, and the default is set to ```1.0```.

Dreambooth requires a placeholder word ```[V]```, called identifier, as in the paper. This identifier needs to be a relatively rare tokens in the vocabulary. The original paper approaches this by using a rare word in T5-XXL tokenizer. For simplicity, here I just use a random word ```sks``` and hard coded it... If you want to change that, simply make a change in [this file](https://github.com/XavierXiao/Dreambooth-Stable-Diffusion/blob/main/ldm/data/personalized.py#L10).

> Training will be run for 800 steps, and two checkpoints will be saved at ```./logs/<job_name>/checkpoints```, one at 500 steps and one at final step. Typically, the one at 500 steps works well enough. I train the model to use two A6000 GPUs and it takes ~15 mins.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Training will be run for 800 steps, and two checkpoints will be saved at ```./logs/<job_name>/checkpoints```: one at 500 steps and one at the final step. Typically, the one at 500 steps works well enough. I train the model using two A6000 GPUs and it takes ~15 mins.
```
